How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file
help you see the bug that was introduced?

I see characters > or < indicate me the differents

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

I don't know Team server, maybe

What do you thing are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create commit,
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Gooogle Docs does?

Pros: I decide when save my changes, I record better the chancee. each changing has a pourpose
The record history is more secure and useful

Cons: If it happen a off energy changes lose, I have not think in save my work

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit while others,
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

It is good beacouse a project is integrated in parts that they need corretly en one change a other change, it systems of version control safe that all files in a project is correctly.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

puedo utilizar git log para ver los commits del repositorio ya que esto lo muestra ordenado por defecto anterior a actual, agregando git log el parametro --stat me permite ver la totalidad de lineas eliminadas y agregadas esto es muy util.

user git diff me permite compara dos commits y de esta forma determinar que cambio que archivos cambiaron , se debe ingresar el commit posterior al commit que quiero analizar por que el posterior me dice como termino el archivo y el que quiero(fecha mas vieja) me dice como inicio, que lineas se eliminaron

how might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Maybe each group changes do commit , maybe too we doing test on the part of code that changing when it test is work fine then if i do commit

How do you want to use Git?
I want to use Git in my projects the web development and web design.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I create a test project for practice Git or something problem to practice.